Welcome to nonrecourse module in this course module we're going to have a look at H.T. the piece or
how to make HTP requests and the angular app you may remember that with an annular app or when using
angler we're creating a single page application where we don't reload the page upon every request we
send or whenever we reach out to the server.
Nonetheless we do need to reach out to the server from time to time for example to store some data in
a database.
ENGLER itself can't access that database.
So we need to connect to some server which does this for us and which gives us back some data if we
need it if we need a list of users registered in our database or if we do have some calculation which
we don't want to perform on our front end and the angle or.
But on the back end instead.
So connecting to service is important.
How does it work then if we don't send requests.
Well we probably do have our regular app and the server.
And as mentioned we might want to send a request there but this is not what happens.
We're not getting back a new page because that would mean that our angler app gets restarted because
it consists of only one page.
And if we kind of overwrite this page and send back a new one well then our application is dead.
So this is not what we do.
Instead we yes we send a request from our angler app but the response will be sent back to that very
same app very same angler app.
So this request is sent via Ajax.
It's HTP request sent in the background for the XM L.H. to the AP request object.
Javascript provides us now thankfully we don't have to write all the logic for sending this request
on our own.
Instead angler's ships with a convenience service we can use and we will use it in this module where
you will learn how to use it.